Positive -> Sentence: ( An ) hilarious romantic comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: ( A ) rare , beautiful film .
Positive -> Sentence: An imaginative comedy\/thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
Positive -> Sentence: A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
Positive -> Sentence: None of this violates the letter of Behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .
Positive -> Sentence: The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
Positive -> Sentence: Rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
Negative -> Sentence: John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
Positive -> Sentence: The actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
Negative -> Sentence: I regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
Negative -> Sentence: Just how extreme are these ops ?
Negative -> Sentence: While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
Negative -> Sentence: The stories here suffer from the chosen format .
Negative -> Sentence: Pryor Lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
Negative -> Sentence: If this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
Negative -> Sentence: Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series .
Positive -> Sentence: Enough similarities to Gymkata and Howie Long 's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
Negative -> Sentence: What begins as a seemingly brainless , bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy .
Positive -> Sentence: A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
Positive -> Sentence: Cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
Negative -> Sentence: Fails to bring as much to the table .
Positive -> Sentence: Then lower them a bit more .
Positive -> Sentence: The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
Negative -> Sentence: Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Newton ) wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
Negative -> Sentence: With its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
Negative -> Sentence: Oft-described as the antidote to American Pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
Negative -> Sentence: Winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's an awfully derivative story .
Negative -> Sentence: A cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency .
Positive -> Sentence: Schindler 's List it ai n't .
Positive -> Sentence: A mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
Negative -> Sentence: Without a strong script and energetic acting , Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
Positive -> Sentence: Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
Negative -> Sentence: Usually when I get this much syrup , I like pancakes to go with it .
Negative -> Sentence: Big Fat Liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
Negative -> Sentence: Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
Negative -> Sentence: Punish the vehicle to adore the star .
Negative -> Sentence: ` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide .
Negative -> Sentence: The story ... is moldy and obvious .
Negative -> Sentence: The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
Negative -> Sentence: There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
Negative -> Sentence: All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
Positive -> Sentence: A TV episode inflated past its natural length .
Negative -> Sentence: Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss Wilde 's still-contemporary play .
Negative -> Sentence: The Gantzes ' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
Positive -> Sentence: The journey toward redemption feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
Negative -> Sentence: Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
Positive -> Sentence: The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
Positive -> Sentence: Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
Positive -> Sentence: Reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
Negative -> Sentence: In a word -- yes .
Positive -> Sentence: Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
Negative -> Sentence: I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .
Negative -> Sentence: I weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
Negative -> Sentence: Brimful .
Positive -> Sentence: Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him ?
Negative -> Sentence: This is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
Negative -> Sentence: Bears resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
Negative -> Sentence: You 're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .
Positive -> Sentence: We may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the Balkans conflict .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: There are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv .
Negative -> Sentence: Though certainly original in form , Altar Boys requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
Negative -> Sentence: Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
Negative -> Sentence: Warmed-over Tarantino by way of wannabe Elmore Leonard .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is surprisingly well-directed by Brett Ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
Negative -> Sentence: ... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
Negative -> Sentence: One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
Positive -> Sentence: The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
Negative -> Sentence: Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
Negative -> Sentence: Mr. Wedge and Mr. Saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
Positive -> Sentence: A movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .
Positive -> Sentence: A sudsy cautionary tale .
Positive -> Sentence: Safe Conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
Positive -> Sentence: Passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
Negative -> Sentence: Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived .
Negative -> Sentence: Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .
Positive -> Sentence: An eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
Negative -> Sentence: Even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission 's worth of funny to keep it afloat .
Positive -> Sentence: The only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
Negative -> Sentence: ` How many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
Negative -> Sentence: It may be an easy swipe to take , but this Barbershop just does n't make the cut .
Negative -> Sentence: Showtime is closer to Slowtime .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .
Negative -> Sentence: Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
Positive -> Sentence: The whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
Negative -> Sentence: Drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality .
Positive -> Sentence: But what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
Negative -> Sentence: Human Nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
Positive -> Sentence: A reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
Positive -> Sentence: De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .
Negative -> Sentence: A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional .
Negative -> Sentence: For Caine Lovers only .
Negative -> Sentence: Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
Positive -> Sentence: Going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
Positive -> Sentence: The impact of the Armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
Negative -> Sentence: Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .
Positive -> Sentence: A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
Positive -> Sentence: But even a hero can stumble sometimes .
Negative -> Sentence: Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
Positive -> Sentence: A morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense .
Negative -> Sentence: What could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
Negative -> Sentence: However clever Nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
Negative -> Sentence: For a film about two mismatched buddies , Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
Negative -> Sentence: Has something to say ... but it is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .
Negative -> Sentence: Just a bloody mess .
Positive -> Sentence: The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
Negative -> Sentence: The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
Negative -> Sentence: Once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
Negative -> Sentence: Consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
Positive -> Sentence: If you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
Negative -> Sentence: The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .
Negative -> Sentence: As it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
Negative -> Sentence: Nothing about it fits .
Negative -> Sentence: I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over .
Positive -> Sentence: A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
Negative -> Sentence: Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
Negative -> Sentence: Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
Negative -> Sentence: Myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's center will not hold .
Negative -> Sentence: Secret Ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
Negative -> Sentence: Beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
Positive -> Sentence: No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
Negative -> Sentence: All in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
Negative -> Sentence: Not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
Negative -> Sentence: If this movie belonged to a sorority , it would be called Beta Alpha Delta .
Positive -> Sentence: Everything that 's worthwhile about Collision Course can already be seen on television .
Negative -> Sentence: This is n't a `` Friday '' worth waiting for .
Negative -> Sentence: Just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
Negative -> Sentence: Just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .
Negative -> Sentence: The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
Negative -> Sentence: Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way .
Negative -> Sentence: Ecks this one off your must-see list .
Negative -> Sentence: To enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
Negative -> Sentence: Like those to Rome , all roads in The Banger Sisters inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
Negative -> Sentence: Just like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
Negative -> Sentence: A graceless , witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .
Positive -> Sentence: The element of surprise might be the only thing Femme Fatale has going for it .
Positive -> Sentence: The film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
Negative -> Sentence: A gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
Negative -> Sentence: fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
Negative -> Sentence: Has all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act .
Negative -> Sentence: I just did n't care as much for the story .
Negative -> Sentence: I loved looking at this movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
Positive -> Sentence: Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .
Negative -> Sentence: Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
Positive -> Sentence: Must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
Negative -> Sentence: Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
Negative -> Sentence: The film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future Quentin Tarantino picture
Negative -> Sentence: The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
Negative -> Sentence: Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
Positive -> Sentence: Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst ...
Positive -> Sentence: Maybe I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
Negative -> Sentence: The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
Positive -> Sentence: `` Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .
Negative -> Sentence: What was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
Positive -> Sentence: A harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: This may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
Negative -> Sentence: Though Ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
Negative -> Sentence: ( Two ) fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
Negative -> Sentence: When the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble .
Positive -> Sentence: Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
Positive -> Sentence: Shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
Negative -> Sentence: Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor .
Positive -> Sentence: The problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's something deeply creepy about Never Again , a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .
Negative -> Sentence: Dreary , highly annoying ... ` Some Body ' will appeal to No One .
Positive -> Sentence: Most of the action setups are incoherent .
Negative -> Sentence: Bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
Positive -> Sentence: The writers , director Wally Wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : Kappa Rho Alpha Phi .
Positive -> Sentence: Screenwriters Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster .
Negative -> Sentence: Rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
Positive -> Sentence: This kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch .
Negative -> Sentence: ... has virtually no script at all ...
Negative -> Sentence: As elegantly crafted as it often is , Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
Negative -> Sentence: If this is the Danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
Negative -> Sentence: ... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
Positive -> Sentence: None of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
Negative -> Sentence: Preposterous and tedious , Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
Positive -> Sentence: A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .
Positive -> Sentence: Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away ?
Negative -> Sentence: When it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever .
Negative -> Sentence: would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
Negative -> Sentence: Or , you can do something fun tonight .
Negative -> Sentence: Bears is bad .
Negative -> Sentence: Will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
Positive -> Sentence: A whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
Positive -> Sentence: ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
Positive -> Sentence: How anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
Negative -> Sentence: Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
Positive -> Sentence: A very average science fiction film .
Positive -> Sentence: If I Spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
Negative -> Sentence: A predictable and stereotypical little B-movie .
Negative -> Sentence: For all its alleged youthful fire , XXX is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
Negative -> Sentence: A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
Positive -> Sentence: The pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
Negative -> Sentence: Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
Negative -> Sentence: There is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
Positive -> Sentence: It wo n't be long before you 'll spy I Spy at a video store near you .
Positive -> Sentence: It almost plays like Solaris , but with guns and jokes .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's bathos often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
Positive -> Sentence: Boring we did n't .
Negative -> Sentence: Maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
Positive -> Sentence: A gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
Negative -> Sentence: Instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , Hart 's War , like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
Negative -> Sentence: After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna .
Negative -> Sentence: Say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
Negative -> Sentence: An unsatisfying hybrid of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
Negative -> Sentence: A combination of standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
Positive -> Sentence: An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...
Negative -> Sentence: A soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
Negative -> Sentence: In the end , White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
Negative -> Sentence: Elicits more groans from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb , all wrapped up into one .
Positive -> Sentence: It would have benefitted the dialogue .
Negative -> Sentence: Ja Rule and Kurupt should have gotten to rap .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
Negative -> Sentence: Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
Negative -> Sentence: A very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
Negative -> Sentence: K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich .
Negative -> Sentence: I was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
Positive -> Sentence: The situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
Negative -> Sentence: ( Morgan ) , Judd and Franklin ca n't save the script , rooted in a novel by Joseph Finder , from some opportunism .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie gets muted and routine .
Negative -> Sentence: Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
Negative -> Sentence: As with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
Negative -> Sentence: Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
Negative -> Sentence: All ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
Negative -> Sentence: Even die-hard fans of Japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
Negative -> Sentence: Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
Negative -> Sentence: Truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
Negative -> Sentence: Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
Negative -> Sentence: Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Nelson 's ) movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
Negative -> Sentence: Besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
Negative -> Sentence: Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .
Positive -> Sentence: Much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing ( the movie 's ) mindset .
Positive -> Sentence: We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
Negative -> Sentence: Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time .
Negative -> Sentence: Aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend .
Negative -> Sentence: Another big , dumb action movie in the vein of XXX , The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .
Positive -> Sentence: The cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
Positive -> Sentence: McKay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
Negative -> Sentence: The story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
Negative -> Sentence: Even if you feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to Belushi 's easy-going likableness .
Positive -> Sentence: Flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
Negative -> Sentence: A fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
Positive -> Sentence: The timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
Negative -> Sentence: I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .
Negative -> Sentence: Suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .
Negative -> Sentence: ... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
Negative -> Sentence: Sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary .
Negative -> Sentence: Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: Intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
Negative -> Sentence: Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
Negative -> Sentence: Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
Positive -> Sentence: But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
Positive -> Sentence: But the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
Positive -> Sentence: The episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
Positive -> Sentence: Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
Positive -> Sentence: Madonna still ca n't act a lick .
Positive -> Sentence: Moot point .
Negative -> Sentence: Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ?
Negative -> Sentence: The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
Positive -> Sentence: Enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
Negative -> Sentence: Or some damn thing .
Negative -> Sentence: Or a profit .
Positive -> Sentence: The premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
Negative -> Sentence: Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
Positive -> Sentence: This film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
Negative -> Sentence: Sadly , Hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
Negative -> Sentence: An uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
Negative -> Sentence: Splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .
Negative -> Sentence: A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
Positive -> Sentence: No question .
Negative -> Sentence: Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
Negative -> Sentence: A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
Positive -> Sentence: An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
Positive -> Sentence: it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
Positive -> Sentence: Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
Positive -> Sentence: The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
Positive -> Sentence: De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
Negative -> Sentence: You wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
Negative -> Sentence: Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
Negative -> Sentence: Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
Positive -> Sentence: The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
Positive -> Sentence: A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .
Positive -> Sentence: Hey , who else needs a shower ?
Negative -> Sentence: Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
Negative -> Sentence: The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
Positive -> Sentence: The central story lacks punch .
Positive -> Sentence: a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
Positive -> Sentence: The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
Negative -> Sentence: Look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
Negative -> Sentence: Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
Positive -> Sentence: Human Nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
Positive -> Sentence: Aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
Positive -> Sentence: Happily for Mr. Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
Negative -> Sentence: City by the Sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
Positive -> Sentence: As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely !
Negative -> Sentence: Enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
Negative -> Sentence: A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
Positive -> Sentence: An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
Positive -> Sentence: Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version .
Negative -> Sentence: There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
Negative -> Sentence: When not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean .
Positive -> Sentence: Two hours of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more 's the pity .
Positive -> Sentence: One groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
Negative -> Sentence: A masterpiece four years in the making .
Negative -> Sentence: An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
Negative -> Sentence: Search it out .
Negative -> Sentence: If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
Negative -> Sentence: For all its serious sense of purpose ... ( it ) finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
Positive -> Sentence: Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
Negative -> Sentence: Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
Negative -> Sentence: Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
Negative -> Sentence: As your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
Positive -> Sentence: A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
Positive -> Sentence: It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
Negative -> Sentence: Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
Positive -> Sentence: Demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
Negative -> Sentence: A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
Positive -> Sentence: D.J. Qualls as Indiana Jones ?
Negative -> Sentence: Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
Positive -> Sentence: A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
Negative -> Sentence: What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
Positive -> Sentence: An ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
Negative -> Sentence: The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
Negative -> Sentence: A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .
Negative -> Sentence: Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring .
Negative -> Sentence: A work of astonishing delicacy and force .
Negative -> Sentence: A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
Negative -> Sentence: Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
Positive -> Sentence: No wonder they 're talking about `` Talk to Her . ''
Negative -> Sentence: Too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
Positive -> Sentence: Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles .
Negative -> Sentence: Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
Negative -> Sentence: Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
Positive -> Sentence: Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
Negative -> Sentence: I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .
Negative -> Sentence: Though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
Negative -> Sentence: Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... ( the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
Negative -> Sentence: Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass , Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
Negative -> Sentence: At times , however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
Negative -> Sentence: A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
Negative -> Sentence: Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
Negative -> Sentence: Good actress .
Positive -> Sentence: Pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a very fine movie -- go see it .
Positive -> Sentence: Smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
Negative -> Sentence: An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best .
Negative -> Sentence: On its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
Negative -> Sentence: There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but I liked its heart and its spirit .
Negative -> Sentence: His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
Negative -> Sentence: Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
Negative -> Sentence: The two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
Negative -> Sentence: Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
Negative -> Sentence: This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
Negative -> Sentence: Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
Negative -> Sentence: ( A ) Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... ( but ) Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
Positive -> Sentence: But this time there 's some mold on the gold .
Negative -> Sentence: Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
Negative -> Sentence: Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .
Positive -> Sentence: Roger Michell , who did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England , gets too artsy in his American debut .
Negative -> Sentence: Succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
Positive -> Sentence: An incredibly low-rent Danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
Negative -> Sentence: A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite a story predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
Negative -> Sentence: This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring .
Negative -> Sentence: As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
Negative -> Sentence: However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
Negative -> Sentence: Johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
Positive -> Sentence: A vivid cinematic portrait .
Positive -> Sentence: The enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
Negative -> Sentence: A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
Negative -> Sentence: Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
Positive -> Sentence: It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .
Negative -> Sentence: For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
Negative -> Sentence: `` The Mothman Prophecies '' is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
Negative -> Sentence: Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
Negative -> Sentence: very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan
Negative -> Sentence: Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
Positive -> Sentence: The rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense De Palma creates .
Positive -> Sentence: Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
Positive -> Sentence: another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
Negative -> Sentence: With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
Positive -> Sentence: If High Crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
Negative -> Sentence: Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
Negative -> Sentence: And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
Negative -> Sentence: Lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
Negative -> Sentence: So few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
Positive -> Sentence: This version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
Positive -> Sentence: Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .
Negative -> Sentence: This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
Negative -> Sentence: An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
Negative -> Sentence: While the glass slipper does n't quite fit , Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
Negative -> Sentence: Haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
Negative -> Sentence: Still , I thought it could have been more .
Positive -> Sentence: A moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
Positive -> Sentence: These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's ( Ricci 's ) best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
Negative -> Sentence: Men in Black II has sequel-itis something fierce .
Negative -> Sentence: So I just did .
Negative -> Sentence: Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush !
Positive -> Sentence: Movies like this are selling the old European candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .
Negative -> Sentence: Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's laughing at us .
Negative -> Sentence: Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .
Negative -> Sentence: Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .
Negative -> Sentence: Sometimes , that 's enough .
Negative -> Sentence: An enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
Negative -> Sentence: Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
Negative -> Sentence: A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
Negative -> Sentence: The problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
Positive -> Sentence: A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
Positive -> Sentence: It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
Negative -> Sentence: While Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
Negative -> Sentence: The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
Negative -> Sentence: You do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club .
Negative -> Sentence: The filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
Positive -> Sentence: It tells more than it shows .
Positive -> Sentence: An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
Negative -> Sentence: The crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
Negative -> Sentence: Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
Negative -> Sentence: Complex , affecting and uniquely Almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
Negative -> Sentence: Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
Positive -> Sentence: Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ?
Negative -> Sentence: A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
Negative -> Sentence: has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
Negative -> Sentence: Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
Positive -> Sentence: The sad thing about Knockaround Guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's real appeal wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
Negative -> Sentence: With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
Positive -> Sentence: No , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
Negative -> Sentence: The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
Negative -> Sentence: A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
Positive -> Sentence: Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
Positive -> Sentence: The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
Negative -> Sentence: An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
Positive -> Sentence: Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .
Positive -> Sentence: Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests . '
Positive -> Sentence: The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
Positive -> Sentence: What would Jesus do if He was a film director ?
Negative -> Sentence: First good , then bothersome .
Negative -> Sentence: In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
Negative -> Sentence: Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
Positive -> Sentence: Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
Negative -> Sentence: The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
Negative -> Sentence: For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
Positive -> Sentence: An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
Positive -> Sentence: What it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a Count for our times .
Negative -> Sentence: Both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent I Spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
Positive -> Sentence: A pleasant romantic comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: ... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
Positive -> Sentence: ( Schweiger is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
Negative -> Sentence: The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie 's final scenes .
Negative -> Sentence: This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and it still is .
Negative -> Sentence: With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
Negative -> Sentence: The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
Positive -> Sentence: A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
Positive -> Sentence: This one does .
Negative -> Sentence: This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
Negative -> Sentence: Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
Negative -> Sentence: The best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
Negative -> Sentence: While Benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
Negative -> Sentence: Well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
Negative -> Sentence: This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
Negative -> Sentence: There is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double .
Positive -> Sentence: Is this progress ?
Negative -> Sentence: Her delivery and timing are flawless .
Negative -> Sentence: The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
Negative -> Sentence: Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
Negative -> Sentence: Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
Negative -> Sentence: The sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
Negative -> Sentence: Provide ( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
Negative -> Sentence: A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch .
Negative -> Sentence: A baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie ( Woody Allen ) has made in the last twenty years .
Negative -> Sentence: It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
Positive -> Sentence: As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
Negative -> Sentence: Still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
Positive -> Sentence: Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...
Negative -> Sentence: Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
Positive -> Sentence: Dolgin and Franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .
Positive -> Sentence: A mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes Chaplin 's City Lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
Positive -> Sentence: A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
Negative -> Sentence: The kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
Positive -> Sentence: A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
Negative -> Sentence: Too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good , it succeeds in being only sporadically amusing .
Negative -> Sentence: If it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then SL2 does just that .
Positive -> Sentence: Tailored to entertain !
Positive -> Sentence: Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left are John Leguizamo 's cool jackets .
Positive -> Sentence: An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
Negative -> Sentence: The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
Negative -> Sentence: Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
Positive -> Sentence: The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
Negative -> Sentence: This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
Negative -> Sentence: Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
Negative -> Sentence: Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
Negative -> Sentence: A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
Positive -> Sentence: The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
Negative -> Sentence: A clever blend of fact and fiction .
Positive -> Sentence: But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
Positive -> Sentence: Technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
Negative -> Sentence: A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
Positive -> Sentence: Quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
Negative -> Sentence: Ethan Hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation and it 's all over his Chelsea Walls .
Positive -> Sentence: Bad Company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
Positive -> Sentence: sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
Negative -> Sentence: One scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
Negative -> Sentence: ... does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
Negative -> Sentence: You might not buy the ideas .
Positive -> Sentence: It has fun being grown up .
Positive -> Sentence: The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
Negative -> Sentence: Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
Positive -> Sentence: Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
Negative -> Sentence: Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
Positive -> Sentence: A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
Negative -> Sentence: The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
Negative -> Sentence: What makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
Positive -> Sentence: The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
Positive -> Sentence: He 's Super Spy !
Negative -> Sentence: Like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
Negative -> Sentence: The result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
Negative -> Sentence: Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
Negative -> Sentence: As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
Negative -> Sentence: Uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
Positive -> Sentence: Oh , it 's extreme , all right .
Positive -> Sentence: An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
Negative -> Sentence: What you get with Empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead .
Negative -> Sentence: And forget about any attempt at a plot !
Positive -> Sentence: Not too far below the gloss you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
Negative -> Sentence: As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
Negative -> Sentence: There are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
Negative -> Sentence: ... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
Positive -> Sentence: It has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
Negative -> Sentence: ... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? ''
Positive -> Sentence: The movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
Positive -> Sentence: My response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
Negative -> Sentence: Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
Negative -> Sentence: You 've seen them a million times .
Negative -> Sentence: Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
Negative -> Sentence: Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
Positive -> Sentence: At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
Positive -> Sentence: Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
Negative -> Sentence: There was time on that second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
Negative -> Sentence: Nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
Positive -> Sentence: But I was n't .
Negative -> Sentence: The fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
Negative -> Sentence: Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
Negative -> Sentence: ... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
Negative -> Sentence: Recalls quiet freak-outs like L'Avventura and Repulsion .
Negative -> Sentence: Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
Negative -> Sentence: If Melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
Positive -> Sentence: An impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
Negative -> Sentence: I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
Negative -> Sentence: Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
Negative -> Sentence: When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
Negative -> Sentence: Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
Negative -> Sentence: Dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
Negative -> Sentence: The story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue .
Positive -> Sentence: We may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
Negative -> Sentence: Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
Positive -> Sentence: The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive .
Positive -> Sentence: A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
Negative -> Sentence: Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
Negative -> Sentence: There is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life -- only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
Negative -> Sentence: There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
Positive -> Sentence: The Bourne Identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
Negative -> Sentence: If the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
Negative -> Sentence: Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
Negative -> Sentence: Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
Positive -> Sentence: More than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
Positive -> Sentence: Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
Negative -> Sentence: A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
Negative -> Sentence: Better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
Negative -> Sentence: The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and Solaris is its big-budget brother .
Negative -> Sentence: Its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
Negative -> Sentence: ... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
Negative -> Sentence: There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
Negative -> Sentence: Subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
Negative -> Sentence: Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
Negative -> Sentence: Sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
Positive -> Sentence: This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's also stupider .
Negative -> Sentence: Whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .
Negative -> Sentence: The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .
Positive -> Sentence: All prints of this film should be sent to and buried on Pluto .
Positive -> Sentence: A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
Positive -> Sentence: It represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
Positive -> Sentence: A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
Negative -> Sentence: Works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
Negative -> Sentence: Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
Negative -> Sentence: Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
Negative -> Sentence: She must have a very strong back .
Negative -> Sentence: One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
Negative -> Sentence: Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
Positive -> Sentence: High Crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
Negative -> Sentence: A pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
Negative -> Sentence: ... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
Positive -> Sentence: This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
Negative -> Sentence: For a shoot - 'em - up , Ballistic is oddly lifeless .
Negative -> Sentence: Well before it 's over , Beijing Bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
Positive -> Sentence: Between the drama of Cube ?
Positive -> Sentence: Watching Beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
Positive -> Sentence: Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
Negative -> Sentence: Involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
Negative -> Sentence: When she speaks , her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
Positive -> Sentence: Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
Positive -> Sentence: We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
Negative -> Sentence: Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
Positive -> Sentence: An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
Positive -> Sentence: This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
Negative -> Sentence: A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
Negative -> Sentence: Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
Negative -> Sentence: This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
Negative -> Sentence: So faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
Negative -> Sentence: As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
Positive -> Sentence: Opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
Negative -> Sentence: At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
Negative -> Sentence: ... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
Negative -> Sentence: s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
Negative -> Sentence: Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
Positive -> Sentence: A dreadful live-action movie .
Positive -> Sentence: The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , Super Troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
Positive -> Sentence: An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
Positive -> Sentence: Here 's a self-congratulatory 3D IMAX rah-rah .
Negative -> Sentence: While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
Negative -> Sentence: Both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
Positive -> Sentence: All I can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
Negative -> Sentence: A solidly seaworthy chiller .
Negative -> Sentence: Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
Negative -> Sentence: The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
Negative -> Sentence: The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
Negative -> Sentence: A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
Negative -> Sentence: ... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
Negative -> Sentence: Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
Negative -> Sentence: Will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings .
Negative -> Sentence: Every so often a movie comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it .
Positive -> Sentence: Theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
Positive -> Sentence: The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Gai ) comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
Negative -> Sentence: While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand , Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .
Negative -> Sentence: Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
Positive -> Sentence: The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
Positive -> Sentence: Finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
Negative -> Sentence: In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
Negative -> Sentence: At its best , The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
Positive -> Sentence: But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
Negative -> Sentence: Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
Negative -> Sentence: Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
Positive -> Sentence: A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
Positive -> Sentence: A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
Negative -> Sentence: A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
Negative -> Sentence: Disturbing and brilliant documentary .
Negative -> Sentence: Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
Positive -> Sentence: Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .
Negative -> Sentence: Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
Negative -> Sentence: What 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
Positive -> Sentence: A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
Negative -> Sentence: Immediately .
Negative -> Sentence: Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
Positive -> Sentence: ` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ...
Positive -> Sentence: ( U ) nrelentingly stupid .
Negative -> Sentence: The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
Negative -> Sentence: If Shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
Negative -> Sentence: If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
Positive -> Sentence: It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
Positive -> Sentence: something the true film buff will enjoy .
Positive -> Sentence: If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
Negative -> Sentence: The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
Negative -> Sentence: Unlike most teen flicks , Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
Negative -> Sentence: An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
Negative -> Sentence: Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
Negative -> Sentence: Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
Negative -> Sentence: As is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
Positive -> Sentence: It is nature against progress .
Positive -> Sentence: Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .
Negative -> Sentence: Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here .
Positive -> Sentence: A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
Negative -> Sentence: A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
Negative -> Sentence: A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
Negative -> Sentence: About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream .
Negative -> Sentence: He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .
Negative -> Sentence: Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
Negative -> Sentence: Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's just incredibly dull .
Positive -> Sentence: An Afterschool Special without the courage of its convictions .
Negative -> Sentence: Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's hard not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
Negative -> Sentence: Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
Negative -> Sentence: This is n't a narrative film -- I do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
Negative -> Sentence: In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
Positive -> Sentence: Cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
Positive -> Sentence: Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .
Positive -> Sentence: Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
Negative -> Sentence: The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
Positive -> Sentence: Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
Negative -> Sentence: That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
Negative -> Sentence: Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
Negative -> Sentence: A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
Negative -> Sentence: ... Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
Negative -> Sentence: With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
Negative -> Sentence: Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
Negative -> Sentence: Ultimately , the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
Positive -> Sentence: Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
Negative -> Sentence: Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
Positive -> Sentence: Fans of Nijinsky will savor every minute of Cox 's work .
Positive -> Sentence: Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Villeneuve ) seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
Negative -> Sentence: Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
Negative -> Sentence: As a singular character study , it 's perfect .
Negative -> Sentence: Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
Negative -> Sentence: Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
Positive -> Sentence: It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
Negative -> Sentence: I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
Negative -> Sentence: it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
Positive -> Sentence: It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
Positive -> Sentence: The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
Negative -> Sentence: Light , cute and forgettable .
Negative -> Sentence: A simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
Positive -> Sentence: The long-range appeal of `` Minority Report '' should transcend any awards it bags .
Negative -> Sentence: Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
Negative -> Sentence: The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... Alas , Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the Snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .
Negative -> Sentence: Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
Positive -> Sentence: Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
Negative -> Sentence: Though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
Negative -> Sentence: Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
Positive -> Sentence: This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
Negative -> Sentence: What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world .
Positive -> Sentence: The overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
Positive -> Sentence: The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
Negative -> Sentence: Now , if it only had a brain .
Negative -> Sentence: Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
Negative -> Sentence: Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
Positive -> Sentence: Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
Negative -> Sentence: This is n't just the CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby , it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .
Negative -> Sentence: As expected , Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .
Negative -> Sentence: Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .
Positive -> Sentence: Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
Negative -> Sentence: ... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
Negative -> Sentence: Novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
Negative -> Sentence: A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
Negative -> Sentence: Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
Negative -> Sentence: Nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
Positive -> Sentence: The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
Negative -> Sentence: The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
Negative -> Sentence: Insomnia is involving .
Negative -> Sentence: If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
Positive -> Sentence: An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
Positive -> Sentence: It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
Negative -> Sentence: A silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
Positive -> Sentence: Egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
Negative -> Sentence: It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
Negative -> Sentence: Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
Negative -> Sentence: Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
Positive -> Sentence: The title Trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: Nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
Negative -> Sentence: All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
Negative -> Sentence: The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
Negative -> Sentence: A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
Negative -> Sentence: Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories .
Positive -> Sentence: Part comedy , part drama , the movie winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
Negative -> Sentence: Behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
Negative -> Sentence: Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
Positive -> Sentence: Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
Positive -> Sentence: The recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
Positive -> Sentence: Largely a for-fans artifact .
Negative -> Sentence: Fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
Negative -> Sentence: When the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
Positive -> Sentence: Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?
Negative -> Sentence: After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
Negative -> Sentence: A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
Negative -> Sentence: As teen movies go , `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change
Negative -> Sentence: I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
Positive -> Sentence: A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
Negative -> Sentence: If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the ( unfortunately R-rated ) Paid .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Anderson ) uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
Positive -> Sentence: Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
Negative -> Sentence: With a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
Negative -> Sentence: Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
Negative -> Sentence: Lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie .
Negative -> Sentence: This is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's painful .
Positive -> Sentence: But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
Negative -> Sentence: I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
Negative -> Sentence: Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
Negative -> Sentence: Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .
Positive -> Sentence: Zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
Negative -> Sentence: By the end , I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
Negative -> Sentence: Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
Negative -> Sentence: Merely as a technical , logistical feat , Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
Negative -> Sentence: A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
Negative -> Sentence: The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
Positive -> Sentence: Remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
Negative -> Sentence: Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
Negative -> Sentence: When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
Negative -> Sentence: Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
Positive -> Sentence: The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
Negative -> Sentence: A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
Negative -> Sentence: While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
Negative -> Sentence: A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Drumline ) is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
Negative -> Sentence: An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
Negative -> Sentence: An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
Positive -> Sentence: Like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
Negative -> Sentence: Enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .
Negative -> Sentence: The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there .
Negative -> Sentence: You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
Positive -> Sentence: The spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
Positive -> Sentence: A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
Positive -> Sentence: But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
Negative -> Sentence: Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
Negative -> Sentence: Half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
Positive -> Sentence: The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
Negative -> Sentence: Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
Negative -> Sentence: A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
Negative -> Sentence: An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
Negative -> Sentence: Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
Positive -> Sentence: It is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
Negative -> Sentence: Divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
Negative -> Sentence: With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
Positive -> Sentence: The AM-radio soundtrack and game cast -- Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
Negative -> Sentence: An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
Negative -> Sentence: Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is really not so much bad as bland .
Positive -> Sentence: The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
Positive -> Sentence: But in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
Positive -> Sentence: What happens to John Q ?
Negative -> Sentence: On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .
Negative -> Sentence: Faultlessly professional but finally slight .
Negative -> Sentence: ... understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
Negative -> Sentence: If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
Negative -> Sentence: This is one for the ages .
Positive -> Sentence: Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
Negative -> Sentence: Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
Negative -> Sentence: Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
Negative -> Sentence: When it 's all wet , Blue Crush is highly enjoyable .
Negative -> Sentence: A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .
Positive -> Sentence: Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
Negative -> Sentence: Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
Positive -> Sentence: A refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
Negative -> Sentence: A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
Negative -> Sentence: May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
Positive -> Sentence: Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
Negative -> Sentence: For all its failed connections , Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
Negative -> Sentence: well worth the time .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
Negative -> Sentence: I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
Negative -> Sentence: When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
Positive -> Sentence: A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
Negative -> Sentence: Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
Positive -> Sentence: Münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
Positive -> Sentence: The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .
Negative -> Sentence: A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
Negative -> Sentence: It does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
Positive -> Sentence: It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
Negative -> Sentence: Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
Positive -> Sentence: But he somehow pulls it off .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
Negative -> Sentence: I loved it !
Positive -> Sentence: An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
Negative -> Sentence: The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
Positive -> Sentence: A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
Negative -> Sentence: Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
Negative -> Sentence: What The Four Feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
Positive -> Sentence: A whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
Negative -> Sentence: Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
Positive -> Sentence: This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story .
Positive -> Sentence: Few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
Positive -> Sentence: `` Collateral Damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
Negative -> Sentence: ... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
Negative -> Sentence: While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
Negative -> Sentence: One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
Negative -> Sentence: With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
Positive -> Sentence: What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
Positive -> Sentence: As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire ... ( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time .
Positive -> Sentence: Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .
Negative -> Sentence: The film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
Positive -> Sentence: Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .
Positive -> Sentence: How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
Negative -> Sentence: It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
Positive -> Sentence: Those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
Negative -> Sentence: De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .
Negative -> Sentence: Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
Negative -> Sentence: As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
Positive -> Sentence: One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
Negative -> Sentence: Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
Negative -> Sentence: If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
Negative -> Sentence: Majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's still worth a look .
Positive -> Sentence: A romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
Positive -> Sentence: Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
Positive -> Sentence: A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
Positive -> Sentence: Here 's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a good movie in spurts , but when it does n't work , it 's at important times .
Negative -> Sentence: It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
Positive -> Sentence: Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
Positive -> Sentence: Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .
Negative -> Sentence: By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
Negative -> Sentence: This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
Negative -> Sentence: In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
Negative -> Sentence: I like Frank the Pug , though .
Positive -> Sentence: It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
Negative -> Sentence: Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .
Negative -> Sentence: One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Benoit Jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca , conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
Positive -> Sentence: Reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad .
Negative -> Sentence: Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
Negative -> Sentence: You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .
Negative -> Sentence: Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
Negative -> Sentence: Ridiculous .
Positive -> Sentence: Everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
Negative -> Sentence: Propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
Negative -> Sentence: You 're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
Negative -> Sentence: This is how you use special effects .
Positive -> Sentence: Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
Negative -> Sentence: Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
Negative -> Sentence: Godawful boring slug of a movie .
Negative -> Sentence: A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
Negative -> Sentence: Sluggishly directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
Negative -> Sentence: A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
Negative -> Sentence: Somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional .
Negative -> Sentence: Ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
Positive -> Sentence: Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
Negative -> Sentence: A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
Negative -> Sentence: This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
Positive -> Sentence: That Zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
Negative -> Sentence: In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
Negative -> Sentence: Leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
Positive -> Sentence: It virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
Negative -> Sentence: Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
Negative -> Sentence: A loving little film of considerable appeal .
Positive -> Sentence: The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant .
Positive -> Sentence: Stephen Earnhart 's homespun documentary Mule Skinner Blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
Negative -> Sentence: Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
Positive -> Sentence: Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
Negative -> Sentence: ... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
Positive -> Sentence: Manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
Positive -> Sentence: A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
Negative -> Sentence: ... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
Negative -> Sentence: I do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
Negative -> Sentence: A very funny movie .
Negative -> Sentence: If nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
Negative -> Sentence: The tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
Positive -> Sentence: It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
Negative -> Sentence: This is one of Polanski 's best films .
Positive -> Sentence: It further declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
Positive -> Sentence: Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
Positive -> Sentence: The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
Negative -> Sentence: just pound away .
Negative -> Sentence: Lucas , take notes .
Negative -> Sentence: The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA
Negative -> Sentence: A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .
Negative -> Sentence: Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
Negative -> Sentence: A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
Negative -> Sentence: For the most part , the ingredients are there .
Negative -> Sentence: Even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
Positive -> Sentence: A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
Negative -> Sentence: A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
Positive -> Sentence: We are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
Negative -> Sentence: For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
Positive -> Sentence: But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
Positive -> Sentence: One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
Negative -> Sentence: A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
Negative -> Sentence: This is pretty dicey material .
Negative -> Sentence: There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
Positive -> Sentence: The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
Negative -> Sentence: ... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
Negative -> Sentence: Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
Negative -> Sentence: `` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
Negative -> Sentence: In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
Negative -> Sentence: ... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
Positive -> Sentence: At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
Positive -> Sentence: The essential problem in Orange County is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
Positive -> Sentence: Jirí Hubac 's script is a gem .
Negative -> Sentence: The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
Negative -> Sentence: This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
Negative -> Sentence: Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
Positive -> Sentence: What 's next ?
Negative -> Sentence: Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
Negative -> Sentence: Creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
Positive -> Sentence: Some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie bounces all over the map .
Positive -> Sentence: Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
Negative -> Sentence: The result is something quite fresh and delightful .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
Negative -> Sentence: Celebrated at Sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
Negative -> Sentence: Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
Negative -> Sentence: Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
Negative -> Sentence: `` An entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''
Positive -> Sentence: Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
Negative -> Sentence: There are touching moments in Etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
Positive -> Sentence: Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
Negative -> Sentence: A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
Negative -> Sentence: A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
Negative -> Sentence: Fans of the TV series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
Negative -> Sentence: Helmer DeVito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
Positive -> Sentence: The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
Positive -> Sentence: Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
Positive -> Sentence: Occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
Negative -> Sentence: If it 's another regurgitated action movie you 're after , there 's no better film than Half Past Dead .
Negative -> Sentence: It will probably prove interesting to Ram Dass fans , but to others it may feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture .
Negative -> Sentence: Working from Elliott 's memoir , Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
Negative -> Sentence: A few artsy flourishes aside , Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like ( Seinfeld 's ) revered TV show , about pretty much nothing .
Positive -> Sentence: A real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
Positive -> Sentence: A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
Negative -> Sentence: A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
Negative -> Sentence: Witty , touching and well paced .
Negative -> Sentence: Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
Positive -> Sentence: Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
Negative -> Sentence: The humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
Positive -> Sentence: This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
Positive -> Sentence: The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
Negative -> Sentence: The kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
Negative -> Sentence: Without heavy-handedness , Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
Negative -> Sentence: Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
Positive -> Sentence: The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
Positive -> Sentence: Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .
Positive -> Sentence: The thrill is ( long ) gone .
Positive -> Sentence: Some actors steal scenes .
Negative -> Sentence: The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
Positive -> Sentence: A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
Negative -> Sentence: Not a bad journey at all .
Negative -> Sentence: Though Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his Rules is barely worth following .
Positive -> Sentence: Pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
Positive -> Sentence: The warm presence of Zhao Benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
Positive -> Sentence: Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
Negative -> Sentence: Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
Positive -> Sentence: An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
Positive -> Sentence: B. ) That sure is pathetic !
Positive -> Sentence: Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
Positive -> Sentence: One of ( Herzog 's ) least inspired works .
Negative -> Sentence: I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .
Negative -> Sentence: ( It 's ) a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
Negative -> Sentence: Uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things .
Positive -> Sentence: Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .
Positive -> Sentence: The film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
Positive -> Sentence: It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .
Negative -> Sentence: Remarkably accessible and affecting .
Negative -> Sentence: A blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
Negative -> Sentence: Effective but too-tepid biopic
Positive -> Sentence: The movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
Positive -> Sentence: Audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the Castro regime in less than saintly tones .
Negative -> Sentence: A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
Positive -> Sentence: Despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
Negative -> Sentence: Bourne , Jason Bourne .
Positive -> Sentence: The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .
Positive -> Sentence: The angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
Negative -> Sentence: Though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
Negative -> Sentence: National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
Negative -> Sentence: Literally nothing in The Pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980 's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
Negative -> Sentence: Windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
Negative -> Sentence: Characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
Negative -> Sentence: A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
Negative -> Sentence: Boisterous and daft documentary .
Positive -> Sentence: A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
Negative -> Sentence: If this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
Negative -> Sentence: Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
Negative -> Sentence: Marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
Positive -> Sentence: Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China .
Negative -> Sentence: A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
Negative -> Sentence: An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
Negative -> Sentence: Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
Negative -> Sentence: Good movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
Negative -> Sentence: All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
Positive -> Sentence: Eight Crazy Nights is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents .
Negative -> Sentence: Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
Positive -> Sentence: This boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
Negative -> Sentence: Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
Negative -> Sentence: Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
Negative -> Sentence: An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
Negative -> Sentence: Flavorful and romantic , you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
Positive -> Sentence: Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
Negative -> Sentence: This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
Positive -> Sentence: The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
Positive -> Sentence: It might as well have been Problem Child IV .
Positive -> Sentence: The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
Positive -> Sentence: A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
Positive -> Sentence: Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
Negative -> Sentence: There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
Negative -> Sentence: Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
Positive -> Sentence: The attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
Negative -> Sentence: ... always remains movingly genuine .
Negative -> Sentence: Compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
Negative -> Sentence: Sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
Positive -> Sentence: Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
Negative -> Sentence: Great story , bad idea for a movie .
Positive -> Sentence: The director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
Negative -> Sentence: A grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
Positive -> Sentence: The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
Positive -> Sentence: But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
Negative -> Sentence: Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home .
Negative -> Sentence: I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
Positive -> Sentence: ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
Negative -> Sentence: As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke ( Octopus 2 : River of Fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
Negative -> Sentence: For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
Positive -> Sentence: Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
Positive -> Sentence: It 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
Positive -> Sentence: Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but ( writer\/director ) Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
Positive -> Sentence: But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .
Positive -> Sentence: It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
Positive -> Sentence: The tug-of-war at the core of Beijing Bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
Positive -> Sentence: Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
Negative -> Sentence: Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
Negative -> Sentence: Made by jackasses for jackasses .
Positive -> Sentence: But what spectacular sizzle it is !
Negative -> Sentence: Just what makes us happy , anyway ?
Negative -> Sentence: Must be seen to be believed .
Positive -> Sentence: A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
Positive -> Sentence: This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
Positive -> Sentence: But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
Positive -> Sentence: As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
Negative -> Sentence: A minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .
Positive -> Sentence: A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
Positive -> Sentence: The diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
Negative -> Sentence: What could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
Positive -> Sentence: A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
Negative -> Sentence: From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .
Positive -> Sentence: Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
Positive -> Sentence: This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
Positive -> Sentence: Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
Negative -> Sentence: The Transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
Negative -> Sentence: It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
Negative -> Sentence: Earnest falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
Negative -> Sentence: Using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , Dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
Negative -> Sentence: Ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
Negative -> Sentence: Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
Positive -> Sentence: 4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
Positive -> Sentence: A standard haunted house tale transplanted to the high seas .
Positive -> Sentence: Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
Negative -> Sentence: Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
Positive -> Sentence: Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
Positive -> Sentence: As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .
Positive -> Sentence: Thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .
Negative -> Sentence: For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
Negative -> Sentence: While Super Troopers is above Academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
Positive -> Sentence: The WWII drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
Negative -> Sentence: Vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
Positive -> Sentence: It is now .
Positive -> Sentence: An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
Negative -> Sentence: The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
Negative -> Sentence: An instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
Negative -> Sentence: The cast is uniformly excellent ... but the film itself is merely mildly charming .
Negative -> Sentence: A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
Positive -> Sentence: Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
Negative -> Sentence: If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
Positive -> Sentence: This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
Negative -> Sentence: Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
Negative -> Sentence: Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Davis ) has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
Negative -> Sentence: Director Barry Skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist .
Negative -> Sentence: This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
Negative -> Sentence: This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
Positive -> Sentence: Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
Positive -> Sentence: A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
Positive -> Sentence: An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
Negative -> Sentence: A worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
Positive -> Sentence: This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
Negative -> Sentence: Sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser have their moments .
Negative -> Sentence: As ( the characters ) get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
Negative -> Sentence: Mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
Negative -> Sentence: The filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
Positive -> Sentence: The disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
Negative -> Sentence: There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
Negative -> Sentence: An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
Positive -> Sentence: The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
Negative -> Sentence: Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
Negative -> Sentence: ( Director ) Byler may yet have a great movie in him , but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one .
Positive -> Sentence: This movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
Negative -> Sentence: Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
Negative -> Sentence: This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it 's a tad slow .
Negative -> Sentence: can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
Negative -> Sentence: Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
Positive -> Sentence: It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite all the talking , by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
Negative -> Sentence: For all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that Kapur tries to bring to The Four Feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
Positive -> Sentence: A spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
Negative -> Sentence: If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
Positive -> Sentence: It tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
Negative -> Sentence: Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
Negative -> Sentence: Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
Negative -> Sentence: I love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
Positive -> Sentence: It helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
Positive -> Sentence: The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
Positive -> Sentence: This miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through .
Positive -> Sentence: despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''
Positive -> Sentence: A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
Negative -> Sentence: The final result makes for adequate entertainment , I suppose , but anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
Negative -> Sentence: Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
Negative -> Sentence: My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
Negative -> Sentence: Its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
Positive -> Sentence: It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
Negative -> Sentence: The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
Negative -> Sentence: Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
Positive -> Sentence: It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
Positive -> Sentence: A broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
Positive -> Sentence: The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. .
Negative -> Sentence: Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
Negative -> Sentence: Even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
Negative -> Sentence: You can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
Positive -> Sentence: An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
Negative -> Sentence: As a director , Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
Positive -> Sentence: It smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
Negative -> Sentence: ... lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
Positive -> Sentence: Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
Positive -> Sentence: It seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
Positive -> Sentence: The New Guy does have a heart .
Negative -> Sentence: It would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count .
Negative -> Sentence: Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: `` My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''
Positive -> Sentence: A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
Negative -> Sentence: A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending .
Positive -> Sentence: The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
Negative -> Sentence: A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's astonishing .
Positive -> Sentence: It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
Negative -> Sentence: The cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
Negative -> Sentence: I enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
Negative -> Sentence: I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .
Negative -> Sentence: Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
Negative -> Sentence: Asia authors herself as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
Negative -> Sentence: A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
Positive -> Sentence: Undercover Brother does n't go far enough .
Negative -> Sentence: Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
Negative -> Sentence: Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
Negative -> Sentence: High on melodrama .
Negative -> Sentence: More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent .
Negative -> Sentence: I admired this work a lot .
Negative -> Sentence: Sunshine State lacks the kind of dynamic that Limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie makes absolutely no sense .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Director Peter ) Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
Negative -> Sentence: A modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
Negative -> Sentence: Gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
Negative -> Sentence: This time out , ( Sade ) is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
Negative -> Sentence: Sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
Negative -> Sentence: Before long , the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .
Positive -> Sentence: Flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern 's thick , working-class Scottish accent .
Negative -> Sentence: Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
Positive -> Sentence: The latest installment in the Pokemon canon , Pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the Japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where Pokemon graze in peace .
Negative -> Sentence: ... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
Positive -> Sentence: Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it ?
Negative -> Sentence: Unlike his directorial efforts , La Femme Nikita and The Professional , The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
Negative -> Sentence: a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
Positive -> Sentence: He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
Positive -> Sentence: Here , thankfully , they are .
Negative -> Sentence: Girls gone wild and gone civil again
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .
Negative -> Sentence: Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .
Positive -> Sentence: A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
Negative -> Sentence: Admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch .
Positive -> Sentence: George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
Negative -> Sentence: Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
Negative -> Sentence: Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
Negative -> Sentence: ... Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
Positive -> Sentence: All this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
Negative -> Sentence: An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
Negative -> Sentence: ... an inviting piece of film .
Negative -> Sentence: A tough go , but Leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .
Positive -> Sentence: The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
Negative -> Sentence: Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
Negative -> Sentence: Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
Negative -> Sentence: Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
Positive -> Sentence: Woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
Negative -> Sentence: If you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
Positive -> Sentence: Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
Positive -> Sentence: If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
Negative -> Sentence: This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
Negative -> Sentence: You can practically smell the patchouli oil .
Negative -> Sentence: Morton is , as usual , brilliant .
Negative -> Sentence: Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
Negative -> Sentence: Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
Negative -> Sentence: Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
Positive -> Sentence: The subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
Negative -> Sentence: Foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
Positive -> Sentence: Writer-director Burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
Positive -> Sentence: The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
Negative -> Sentence: An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
Negative -> Sentence: ... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
Negative -> Sentence: A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow .
Negative -> Sentence: A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
Negative -> Sentence: From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
Negative -> Sentence: Life is a crock -- or something like it .
Negative -> Sentence: Sheridan ... smoothes over sources of conflict that could have lent the film a bit more depth .
Positive -> Sentence: Rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .
Positive -> Sentence: Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
Negative -> Sentence: Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
Positive -> Sentence: Is n't it great ?
Positive -> Sentence: The movie sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did .
Positive -> Sentence: A model of what films like this should be like .
Negative -> Sentence: Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
Negative -> Sentence: Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
Negative -> Sentence: Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination -- but Fiennes steals ` Red Dragon ' right from under their noses .
Positive -> Sentence: Go see it and enjoy .
Positive -> Sentence: Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man .
Positive -> Sentence: Christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic .
Negative -> Sentence: Thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
Negative -> Sentence: Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
Negative -> Sentence: As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
Negative -> Sentence: Good ol' urban legend stuff .
Positive -> Sentence: Melanie eventually slugs the Yankee .
Negative -> Sentence: Scarlet Diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
Positive -> Sentence: An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
Positive -> Sentence: The talents of the actors helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
Negative -> Sentence: Hopkins .
Negative -> Sentence: A fascinating and fun film .
Negative -> Sentence: Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
Positive -> Sentence: But some unexpected zigs and zags help .
Negative -> Sentence: Star Wars is back in a major way .
Positive -> Sentence: The ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
Negative -> Sentence: ... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
Negative -> Sentence: Ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
Positive -> Sentence: Scotland , PA. blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
Positive -> Sentence: By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
Negative -> Sentence: As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
Negative -> Sentence: As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
Negative -> Sentence: Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .
Negative -> Sentence: Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
Positive -> Sentence: The film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
Negative -> Sentence: If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
Negative -> Sentence: His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .
Negative -> Sentence: The voices are fine as well .
Negative -> Sentence: Like a documentary version of Fight Club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
Positive -> Sentence: But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
Negative -> Sentence: The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
Negative -> Sentence: Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
Negative -> Sentence: Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
Negative -> Sentence: In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
Positive -> Sentence: This time Kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
Positive -> Sentence: Message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
Negative -> Sentence: Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
Positive -> Sentence: But director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick ( remember Cabin Boy ? )
Positive -> Sentence: A wonderful character-based comedy .
Positive -> Sentence: A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
Negative -> Sentence: Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
Negative -> Sentence: At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
Negative -> Sentence: Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
Negative -> Sentence: Taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice .
Positive -> Sentence: A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
Positive -> Sentence: An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
Positive -> Sentence: Smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
Positive -> Sentence: This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
Negative -> Sentence: ( Plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: What kids will discover is a new collectible .
Negative -> Sentence: The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
Negative -> Sentence: Anyway , for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
Positive -> Sentence: But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
Negative -> Sentence: Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style .
Negative -> Sentence: An original gem about an obsession with time .
Negative -> Sentence: Merchant effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
Negative -> Sentence: An excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
Negative -> Sentence: Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
Negative -> Sentence: Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
Positive -> Sentence: Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
Negative -> Sentence: Sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
Positive -> Sentence: The noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
Positive -> Sentence: Once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Broomfield ) uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
Positive -> Sentence: Plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
Negative -> Sentence: A sweet-natured reconsideration of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
Positive -> Sentence: This film is full of rabbits .
Positive -> Sentence: Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
Positive -> Sentence: A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
Negative -> Sentence: Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .
Negative -> Sentence: Do n't waste your money .
Negative -> Sentence: A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
Negative -> Sentence: A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
Positive -> Sentence: A subtle variation on I Spit On Your Grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
Negative -> Sentence: I did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
Positive -> Sentence: It never fails to engage us .
Positive -> Sentence: Most of Crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
Negative -> Sentence: Although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
Negative -> Sentence: I 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .
Positive -> Sentence: Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
Positive -> Sentence: A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
Negative -> Sentence: Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
Negative -> Sentence: Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
Negative -> Sentence: What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
Negative -> Sentence: The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing .
Positive -> Sentence: The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
Positive -> Sentence: Dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
Positive -> Sentence: A picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
Negative -> Sentence: Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
Negative -> Sentence: Too simple for its own good .
Negative -> Sentence: A resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
Positive -> Sentence: Here , Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
Positive -> Sentence: Evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
Positive -> Sentence: Chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
Negative -> Sentence: At the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
Negative -> Sentence: Hits one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .
Negative -> Sentence: Rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
Negative -> Sentence: An elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
Positive -> Sentence: What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
Positive -> Sentence: Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik . ''
Negative -> Sentence: No. .
Positive -> Sentence: ( Fessenden ) is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
Negative -> Sentence: The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...
Negative -> Sentence: Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
Positive -> Sentence: Brilliant ! '
Positive -> Sentence: Is it a total success ?
Negative -> Sentence: Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .
Negative -> Sentence: It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made Eurotrash cult object .
Positive -> Sentence: Is it something any true film addict will want to check out ?
Negative -> Sentence: Unfortunately , Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
Negative -> Sentence: You bet .
Negative -> Sentence: No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .
Negative -> Sentence: Engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying .
Positive -> Sentence: The issue of faith is not explored very deeply
Positive -> Sentence: Most new movies have a bright sheen .
Negative -> Sentence: The story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
Negative -> Sentence: The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
Positive -> Sentence: A sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
Positive -> Sentence: Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
Positive -> Sentence: This horror-comedy does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira 's hooters .
Negative -> Sentence: In Adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
Negative -> Sentence: What could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie 's eventual success should be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
Negative -> Sentence: The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
Negative -> Sentence: There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
Positive -> Sentence: Barely goes beyond comic book status .
Positive -> Sentence: Eventually , it wins you over .
Positive -> Sentence: It is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
Positive -> Sentence: Noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
Positive -> Sentence: Is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of Wilco 's last album ?
Positive -> Sentence: Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality -- Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .
Negative -> Sentence: Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
Positive -> Sentence: Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find What Time Is It There ?
Positive -> Sentence: What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
Negative -> Sentence: I 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s .
Negative -> Sentence: Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess .
Positive -> Sentence: A wildly funny prison caper .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .
Positive -> Sentence: Heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
Negative -> Sentence: Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
Negative -> Sentence: God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
Negative -> Sentence: You 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
Negative -> Sentence: The actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
Positive -> Sentence: The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
Negative -> Sentence: A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
Positive -> Sentence: a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
Negative -> Sentence: I admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
Negative -> Sentence: It is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
Negative -> Sentence: ... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
Negative -> Sentence: Francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
Negative -> Sentence: The truth is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
Positive -> Sentence: The film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
Negative -> Sentence: This is art paying homage to art .
Positive -> Sentence: Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
Negative -> Sentence: Invincible is a wonderful movie .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
Positive -> Sentence: A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
Negative -> Sentence: Dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
Negative -> Sentence: Whether ( Binoche and Magimel ) are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
Positive -> Sentence: Occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
Negative -> Sentence: ( It 's ) difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
Positive -> Sentence: Skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
Positive -> Sentence: Culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
Positive -> Sentence: Somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane .
Negative -> Sentence: Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
Negative -> Sentence: Cuts right through the B.S. giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
Negative -> Sentence: We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
Negative -> Sentence: A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
Positive -> Sentence: The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
Negative -> Sentence: It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
Negative -> Sentence: For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
Negative -> Sentence: Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .
Positive -> Sentence: A worthwhile way to spend two hours .
Positive -> Sentence: Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
Negative -> Sentence: Never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
Positive -> Sentence: Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
Negative -> Sentence: One of the best of the year .
Negative -> Sentence: The story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
Negative -> Sentence: A love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
Negative -> Sentence: Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
Negative -> Sentence: Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
Positive -> Sentence: Majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
Negative -> Sentence: The story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .
Negative -> Sentence: I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
Negative -> Sentence: Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
Positive -> Sentence: Frailty is n't as gory or explicit .
Positive -> Sentence: But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
Positive -> Sentence: ( A ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
Negative -> Sentence: Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
Negative -> Sentence: Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
Positive -> Sentence: Tuck Everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
Negative -> Sentence: Much monkeyfun for all .
Negative -> Sentence: ( Hawn 's character ) is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
Positive -> Sentence: The heightened symmetry of this new\/old Cinema Paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
Negative -> Sentence: Compelling as it is exotic , Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
Positive -> Sentence: The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
Negative -> Sentence: Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
Negative -> Sentence: While obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
Negative -> Sentence: While surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
Positive -> Sentence: Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
Negative -> Sentence: An enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal on Madonna Street .
Negative -> Sentence: The result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
Positive -> Sentence: It takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
Negative -> Sentence: Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty .
Negative -> Sentence: Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance .
Positive -> Sentence: This cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
Negative -> Sentence: A movie that , rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
Positive -> Sentence: A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
Negative -> Sentence: Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
Negative -> Sentence: Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
Negative -> Sentence: The plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
Positive -> Sentence: Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
Negative -> Sentence: There has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
Positive -> Sentence: A benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
Negative -> Sentence: I believe the message is in the messenger : The agent is a woman .
Positive -> Sentence: Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
Positive -> Sentence: The second chapter of the Harry Potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
Negative -> Sentence: Haneke keeps us at arm 's length .
Negative -> Sentence: More honest about Alzheimer 's disease , I think , than Iris .
Negative -> Sentence: The acting alone is worth the price of admission .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
Negative -> Sentence: Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate .
Negative -> Sentence: Impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
Negative -> Sentence: No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
Negative -> Sentence: My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
Negative -> Sentence: So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
Negative -> Sentence: After making several adaptations of other writers ' work , Armenian-Canadian director Atom Egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
Positive -> Sentence: A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
Negative -> Sentence: Without resorting to hyperbole , I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
Negative -> Sentence: Nolan bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
Negative -> Sentence: Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
Positive -> Sentence: While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
Positive -> Sentence: It would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
Positive -> Sentence: But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
Positive -> Sentence: Noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
Negative -> Sentence: Unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar , The Grey Zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz .
Negative -> Sentence: For a good chunk of its running time , Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
Negative -> Sentence: Escapism in its purest form .
Positive -> Sentence: Even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
Negative -> Sentence: Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
Negative -> Sentence: Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife .
Negative -> Sentence: A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
Negative -> Sentence: Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
Negative -> Sentence: An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie is n't always easy to look at .
Positive -> Sentence: A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
Positive -> Sentence: Highlights are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
Negative -> Sentence: I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '
Negative -> Sentence: ( Howard ) so good as Leon Barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
Positive -> Sentence: Choose your reaction : A. ) That sure is funny !
Positive -> Sentence: Superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
Negative -> Sentence: If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
Negative -> Sentence: By taking Entertainment Tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , Auto Focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
Positive -> Sentence: The weakest of the four Harry Potter books has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
Positive -> Sentence: Looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .
Negative -> Sentence: Still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
Negative -> Sentence: What is captured during the conceptual process does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , The Selection , became in its final form .
Negative -> Sentence: Full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
Positive -> Sentence: A movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
Negative -> Sentence: Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
Negative -> Sentence: If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
Positive -> Sentence: Birot 's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with Christophe Honoré ) is n't so much bad as it is bland .
Negative -> Sentence: Alas , it 's neither .
Negative -> Sentence: Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
Negative -> Sentence: Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
Positive -> Sentence: It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
Negative -> Sentence: There 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
Positive -> Sentence: Thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
Negative -> Sentence: One of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
Negative -> Sentence: Maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , I want a little more than this .
Negative -> Sentence: Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
Negative -> Sentence: If you love Motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
Positive -> Sentence: The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
Negative -> Sentence: Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's haunting .
Positive -> Sentence: This one 's weaker than most .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's like a poem .
Negative -> Sentence: To the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
Negative -> Sentence: `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ... Well , at least that 's the plan .
Negative -> Sentence: If Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
Negative -> Sentence: Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
Negative -> Sentence: Birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
Positive -> Sentence: He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
Negative -> Sentence: The tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
Negative -> Sentence: Shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
Negative -> Sentence: ... ( a ) strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
Negative -> Sentence: Even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from Hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
Positive -> Sentence: The story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
Positive -> Sentence: A cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
Negative -> Sentence: I hate this movie
Negative -> Sentence: A hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations .
Negative -> Sentence: Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a well-observed and disturbing little movie
Negative -> Sentence: Little more than a frothy vanity project .
Negative -> Sentence: There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
Negative -> Sentence: U.S. audiences may find ( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
Negative -> Sentence: Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
Negative -> Sentence: Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
Negative -> Sentence: Flawed but worthy look at life in U.S. relocation camps .
Negative -> Sentence: Demands too much of most viewers .
Negative -> Sentence: Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
Negative -> Sentence: The story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
Positive -> Sentence: It should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .
Positive -> Sentence: Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
Positive -> Sentence: The film seems a dead weight .
Negative -> Sentence: I do n't have an I Am Sam clue .
Positive -> Sentence: A tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured soul .
Positive -> Sentence: The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
Negative -> Sentence: This charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated .
Positive -> Sentence: Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
Positive -> Sentence: Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
Negative -> Sentence: The ending is a cop-out .
Positive -> Sentence: It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
Negative -> Sentence: Has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
Negative -> Sentence: It does n't quite work , but there 's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering .
Negative -> Sentence: Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
Positive -> Sentence: Andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
Negative -> Sentence: `` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ''
Negative -> Sentence: No more .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
Positive -> Sentence: It does n't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind . ''
Positive -> Sentence: But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
Positive -> Sentence: These people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
Positive -> Sentence: To say Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents sums up the sad state of his recent career .
Negative -> Sentence: A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
Positive -> Sentence: An often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
Positive -> Sentence: Consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
Negative -> Sentence: Moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
Negative -> Sentence: Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : Young is cool , and too young is too cool .
Negative -> Sentence: All 's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
Negative -> Sentence: Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
Negative -> Sentence: Needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
Negative -> Sentence: Worth the effort to watch .
Positive -> Sentence: Even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .
Positive -> Sentence: The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish .
Negative -> Sentence: In the end , Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little social context .
Negative -> Sentence: ... ( like ) channel surfing between the Discovery Channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
Positive -> Sentence: What happened with Pluto Nash ?
Positive -> Sentence: Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful .
Negative -> Sentence: A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
Negative -> Sentence: Shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by Joaquin Baca-Asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
Negative -> Sentence: Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
Negative -> Sentence: Culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
Negative -> Sentence: You 've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .
Positive -> Sentence: Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida .
Positive -> Sentence: A potent allegorical love story .
Positive -> Sentence: The worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
Positive -> Sentence: So relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
Negative -> Sentence: On the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... It 's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there .
Negative -> Sentence: It may be a prize winner , but Teacher is a bomb .
Positive -> Sentence: The production values are up there .
Positive -> Sentence: The use of CGI and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
Negative -> Sentence: The problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
Negative -> Sentence: Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Well , it does go on forever .
Positive -> Sentence: Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
Positive -> Sentence: This overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .
Negative -> Sentence: A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
Negative -> Sentence: Topkapi this is not .
Negative -> Sentence: Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
Negative -> Sentence: Equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
Negative -> Sentence: While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
Positive -> Sentence: A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
Positive -> Sentence: Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
Negative -> Sentence: She lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
Positive -> Sentence: The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
Negative -> Sentence: This pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .
Negative -> Sentence: Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
Negative -> Sentence: It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
Positive -> Sentence: To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .
Negative -> Sentence: The new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
Positive -> Sentence: Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
Negative -> Sentence: Credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
Negative -> Sentence: A slick , skillful little horror film .
Negative -> Sentence: I would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
Positive -> Sentence: the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
Negative -> Sentence: The two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
Positive -> Sentence: But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
Negative -> Sentence: The film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
Negative -> Sentence: You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
Negative -> Sentence: It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
Negative -> Sentence: A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
Positive -> Sentence: Feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network .
Positive -> Sentence: It settles for being merely grim .
Negative -> Sentence: Yes , one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering Philip only diminishes her stature .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's a film that hinges on its casting , and Glover really does n't fit the part .
Positive -> Sentence: Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
Negative -> Sentence: Hmm .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a trifle .
Negative -> Sentence: Arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
Positive -> Sentence: All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .
Positive -> Sentence: An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
Positive -> Sentence: Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
Negative -> Sentence: Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
Negative -> Sentence: Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
Negative -> Sentence: ... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
Positive -> Sentence: He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
Negative -> Sentence: A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
Negative -> Sentence: A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
Negative -> Sentence: This is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
Negative -> Sentence: Jacquot 's Tosca is a treat .
Negative -> Sentence: For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
Negative -> Sentence: A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .
Positive -> Sentence: Feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
Negative -> Sentence: You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes .
Negative -> Sentence: A sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
Positive -> Sentence: The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
Positive -> Sentence: The charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
Negative -> Sentence: Long after you leave Justine , you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
Negative -> Sentence: Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
Negative -> Sentence: The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and Clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .
Positive -> Sentence: All the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
Negative -> Sentence: Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies .
Positive -> Sentence: The film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
Negative -> Sentence: Every good actor needs to do his or her own Hamlet .
Positive -> Sentence: Arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
Positive -> Sentence: Bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
Negative -> Sentence: Both awful and appealing .
Positive -> Sentence: Nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
Negative -> Sentence: Hayek is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .
Positive -> Sentence: It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
Positive -> Sentence: But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
Negative -> Sentence: Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's fun , but a psychological mess , with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
Negative -> Sentence: ( T ) hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the Stepford Wives mentality does n't work in a modern context .
Negative -> Sentence: Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
Positive -> Sentence: A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
Positive -> Sentence: Anthony Hopkins ?
Negative -> Sentence: Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
Positive -> Sentence: Big deal !
Negative -> Sentence: We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
Negative -> Sentence: This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
Positive -> Sentence: If this is an example of the type of project that Robert Redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films .
Positive -> Sentence: This ill-fitting Tuxedo is strictly off-the-rack .
Positive -> Sentence: Pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film .
Negative -> Sentence: Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's not that Waiting For Happiness is a bad film , because it is n't .
Negative -> Sentence: An absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
Positive -> Sentence: But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
Negative -> Sentence: So clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .
Negative -> Sentence: About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie .
Negative -> Sentence: I hated every minute of it .
Negative -> Sentence: It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
Negative -> Sentence: The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
Negative -> Sentence: I 've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .
Positive -> Sentence: Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
Positive -> Sentence: They felt like the same movie to me .
Negative -> Sentence: Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams .
Positive -> Sentence: A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , Witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart .
Positive -> Sentence: That is essentially what 's missing from Blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .
Positive -> Sentence: It is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
Negative -> Sentence: An overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
Positive -> Sentence: The Marquis de Sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
Positive -> Sentence: Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp .
Positive -> Sentence: George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
Negative -> Sentence: A well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
Negative -> Sentence: Not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .
Negative -> Sentence: You 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
Positive -> Sentence: Ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke .
Negative -> Sentence: Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .
Positive -> Sentence: The furious coherence that ( DeNiro ) brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
Negative -> Sentence: For all its surface frenzy , High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
Negative -> Sentence: The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
Negative -> Sentence: ... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
Negative -> Sentence: You could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
Positive -> Sentence: the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
Negative -> Sentence: Alex Nohe 's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl .
Negative -> Sentence: An overstuffed compendium of teen-Catholic-movie dogma .
Negative -> Sentence: IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .
Negative -> Sentence: While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .
Negative -> Sentence: Sometimes smart but more often sophomoric .
Negative -> Sentence: It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
Negative -> Sentence: For the most part , I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
Negative -> Sentence: Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
Negative -> Sentence: Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
Negative -> Sentence: This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie .
Positive -> Sentence: Its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer .
Negative -> Sentence: A bit of an unwieldy mess .
Positive -> Sentence: For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio .
Negative -> Sentence: A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
Negative -> Sentence: ... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .
Negative -> Sentence: ... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
Negative -> Sentence: Hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's a disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone to The Other Side of Heaven that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
Positive -> Sentence: While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , `` In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
Negative -> Sentence: Jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and ... well , it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
Negative -> Sentence: If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
Positive -> Sentence: ( I ) f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .
Negative -> Sentence: Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad .
Positive -> Sentence: When the first few villians are introduced as `` Spider '' and `` Snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
Positive -> Sentence: A mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's also clear from the start that The Transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film 's shortcomings start to shine through .
Positive -> Sentence: Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
Positive -> Sentence: Watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
Positive -> Sentence: Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison ?
Negative -> Sentence: I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .
Positive -> Sentence: That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .
Negative -> Sentence: I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood .
Negative -> Sentence: I wonder what the reaction of Israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
Positive -> Sentence: Any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
Negative -> Sentence: Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
Positive -> Sentence: The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
Negative -> Sentence: Not even the Hanson Brothers can save it
Negative -> Sentence: The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
Negative -> Sentence: A sour , nasty offering .
Negative -> Sentence: Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk .
Negative -> Sentence: Obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
Negative -> Sentence: The ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
Negative -> Sentence: Pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
Negative -> Sentence: Do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
Negative -> Sentence: Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them .
Negative -> Sentence: Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
Negative -> Sentence: This is really just another genre picture .
Negative -> Sentence: Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
Negative -> Sentence: Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them .
Negative -> Sentence: Each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
Positive -> Sentence: William Shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot ...
Positive -> Sentence: Vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship .
Positive -> Sentence: Liman , of Swingers and Go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's just a silly black genre spoof .
Positive -> Sentence: Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero ?
Positive -> Sentence: A trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
Positive -> Sentence: Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
Negative -> Sentence: Neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
Negative -> Sentence: ` Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
Positive -> Sentence: The acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected .
Negative -> Sentence: A waste of good performances .
Negative -> Sentence: The Weight of Water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
Positive -> Sentence: This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
Negative -> Sentence: As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
Negative -> Sentence: Like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
Negative -> Sentence: Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
Negative -> Sentence: There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
Negative -> Sentence: Why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?
Negative -> Sentence: Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
Negative -> Sentence: perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable , nothing to write home about .
Negative -> Sentence: Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
Negative -> Sentence: Kidman is really the only thing that 's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth ( Mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world .
Negative -> Sentence: An intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
Negative -> Sentence: Frenetic but not really funny .
Negative -> Sentence: Taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
Negative -> Sentence: If you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
Positive -> Sentence: A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
Negative -> Sentence: New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .
Negative -> Sentence: Wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
Negative -> Sentence: Dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
Negative -> Sentence: With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
Negative -> Sentence: ... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
Negative -> Sentence: I tried to read the time on my watch .
Positive -> Sentence: It is also , at times , curiously moving .
Positive -> Sentence: Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .
Negative -> Sentence: Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
Negative -> Sentence: A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
Negative -> Sentence: Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
Negative -> Sentence: How did it ever get made ?
Positive -> Sentence: Despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
Negative -> Sentence: Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
Negative -> Sentence: Accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
Negative -> Sentence: Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
Negative -> Sentence: There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction , and I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
Negative -> Sentence: And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .
Negative -> Sentence: Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
Positive -> Sentence: Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
Negative -> Sentence: I wonder why .
Positive -> Sentence: Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .
Negative -> Sentence: Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .
Negative -> Sentence: Between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
Negative -> Sentence: If you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
Positive -> Sentence: Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
Negative -> Sentence: Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
Positive -> Sentence: Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
Negative -> Sentence: What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
Negative -> Sentence: Whatever Eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
Negative -> Sentence: I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
Positive -> Sentence: A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
Negative -> Sentence: What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender .
Negative -> Sentence: But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
Negative -> Sentence: With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
Positive -> Sentence: Flaunts its quirky excesses like a New Year 's Eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
Positive -> Sentence: Some studio pizazz might have helped .
Positive -> Sentence: A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
Negative -> Sentence: The cartoon is about as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra .
Negative -> Sentence: ... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
Negative -> Sentence: The film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
Negative -> Sentence: If we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
Negative -> Sentence: ... too dull to enjoy .
Negative -> Sentence: De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
Positive -> Sentence: Morrissette 's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it does n't signify a whole lot either .
Positive -> Sentence: All Ms. Jovovich , as the sanctified heroine , has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters .
Positive -> Sentence: A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
Positive -> Sentence: Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty .
Negative -> Sentence: Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
Negative -> Sentence: This is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
Negative -> Sentence: Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
Negative -> Sentence: At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
Positive -> Sentence: It might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track .
Positive -> Sentence: The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
Negative -> Sentence: Credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
Positive -> Sentence: Hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
Negative -> Sentence: A perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
Negative -> Sentence: Does n't amount to much of anything .
Negative -> Sentence: Enduring love but exhausting cinema .
Negative -> Sentence: Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
Negative -> Sentence: Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
Positive -> Sentence: This film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
Negative -> Sentence: A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
Positive -> Sentence: Lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Clare Kilner 's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
Negative -> Sentence: There are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
Positive -> Sentence: Watching Trouble Every Day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
Negative -> Sentence: Well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
Positive -> Sentence: He 'd create a movie better than this .
Negative -> Sentence: When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
Negative -> Sentence: Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !
Positive -> Sentence: Like a south-of-the-border Melrose Place .
Negative -> Sentence: A very bad sign .
Positive -> Sentence: A painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
Negative -> Sentence: Ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the Russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers .
Negative -> Sentence: Almost everything else is wan .
Positive -> Sentence: But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
Positive -> Sentence: The makers of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
Negative -> Sentence: A comic gem with some serious sparkles .
Negative -> Sentence: Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring .
Positive -> Sentence: A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance almost makes worth taking .
Negative -> Sentence: So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
Positive -> Sentence: But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
Negative -> Sentence: A ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
Negative -> Sentence: You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
Negative -> Sentence: Not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original .
Negative -> Sentence: This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
Negative -> Sentence: Begins as a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
Negative -> Sentence: And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
Negative -> Sentence: Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .
Positive -> Sentence: About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
Positive -> Sentence: The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
Negative -> Sentence: In the second half of the film , Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis .
Positive -> Sentence: But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
Negative -> Sentence: We need ( Moore 's ) noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
Positive -> Sentence: It delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning .
Negative -> Sentence: Extremely dumb .
Negative -> Sentence: Extremely confusing .
Negative -> Sentence: Extremely boring .
Negative -> Sentence: Extreme Oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
Positive -> Sentence: We never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
Negative -> Sentence: A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
Positive -> Sentence: The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
Negative -> Sentence: Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Lame , haphazard teen comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and\/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
Negative -> Sentence: As an actor , The Rock is aptly named .
Negative -> Sentence: These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
Negative -> Sentence: A long slog for anyone but the most committed Pokemon fan .
Negative -> Sentence: Matthew McConaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
Positive -> Sentence: focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
Positive -> Sentence: Everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
Negative -> Sentence: As green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
Negative -> Sentence: Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
Positive -> Sentence: It does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
Negative -> Sentence: Desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
Negative -> Sentence: Bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
Negative -> Sentence: Had the film boasted a clearer , more memorable , the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
Negative -> Sentence: All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
Positive -> Sentence: This film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
Negative -> Sentence: The Master Of Disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
Negative -> Sentence: An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
Positive -> Sentence: John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Dirk Shafer and co-writer Greg Hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
Negative -> Sentence: No movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
Positive -> Sentence: Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
Negative -> Sentence: When it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
Negative -> Sentence: Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
Positive -> Sentence: Anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
Positive -> Sentence: The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
Negative -> Sentence: Overly stylized with lots of flash black - & - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it 's ) at its worst when it 's actually inside the ring .
Negative -> Sentence: A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
Negative -> Sentence: Windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
Negative -> Sentence: Trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
Negative -> Sentence: All that ( Powerpuff Girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
Positive -> Sentence: The title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere .
Positive -> Sentence: As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
Positive -> Sentence: A great idea becomes a not-great movie .
Positive -> Sentence: The picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
Negative -> Sentence: Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
Positive -> Sentence: The New Guy is one of them .
Negative -> Sentence: Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
Negative -> Sentence: A bravura exercise in emptiness .
Positive -> Sentence: A monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
Negative -> Sentence: Quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
Positive -> Sentence: But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
Negative -> Sentence: Not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
Negative -> Sentence: A little too pat for its own good .
Negative -> Sentence: Excellent acting and direction .
Negative -> Sentence: This goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
Negative -> Sentence: When Perry fists a bull at the Moore Farm , it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
Positive -> Sentence: To portray modern women the way director Davis has done is just unthinkable .
Negative -> Sentence: It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw .
Negative -> Sentence: So routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program .
Positive -> Sentence: Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , Hey Arnold !
Negative -> Sentence: A long-winded , predictable scenario .
Negative -> Sentence: Too close to Phantom Menace for comfort .
Negative -> Sentence: Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
Positive -> Sentence: A lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
Negative -> Sentence: Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
Positive -> Sentence: Too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
Positive -> Sentence: A real clunker .
Negative -> Sentence: Good for a few unintentional laughs , `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
Positive -> Sentence: Zhang Yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
Negative -> Sentence: A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
Negative -> Sentence: As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
Positive -> Sentence: Director Brian Levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle .
Negative -> Sentence: So what is the point ?
Positive -> Sentence: The only thing in Pauline and Paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized Oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
Negative -> Sentence: If you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
Negative -> Sentence: This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
Negative -> Sentence: Despite its title , Amy 's Orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
Negative -> Sentence: Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
Negative -> Sentence: Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
Negative -> Sentence: Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
Positive -> Sentence: Beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ... ( but ) the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
Negative -> Sentence: Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .
Positive -> Sentence: Drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
Negative -> Sentence: Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
Negative -> Sentence: Dissing a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
Positive -> Sentence: The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
Negative -> Sentence: There 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
Positive -> Sentence: Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
Negative -> Sentence: The more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them .
Negative -> Sentence: Never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
Negative -> Sentence: When ( De Palma 's ) bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
Negative -> Sentence: If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .
Positive -> Sentence: It ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .
Negative -> Sentence: Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
Negative -> Sentence: If this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
Negative -> Sentence: Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .
Negative -> Sentence: Imagine if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno .
Negative -> Sentence: If the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
Negative -> Sentence: Opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
Negative -> Sentence: Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
Negative -> Sentence: an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
Negative -> Sentence: An impossible romance , but we root for the patronized Iranian lad .
Negative -> Sentence: Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
Negative -> Sentence: The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
Negative -> Sentence: As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
Negative -> Sentence: If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son , they 'd come up with something like Bart Freundlich 's World Traveler .
Positive -> Sentence: The movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
Positive -> Sentence: The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge .
Positive -> Sentence: Watching the film is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
Positive -> Sentence: These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
Positive -> Sentence: A restrained Ribisi convinces as an Italian , though if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones .
Positive -> Sentence: This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .
Positive -> Sentence: The average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town America .
Negative -> Sentence: You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
Positive -> Sentence: Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
Negative -> Sentence: No worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer , and slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
Negative -> Sentence: At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
Positive -> Sentence: Strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery .
Negative -> Sentence: The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
Positive -> Sentence: The title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
Positive -> Sentence: Run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
Negative -> Sentence: An earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
Negative -> Sentence: The parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York ) .
Positive -> Sentence: It 's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell .
Positive -> Sentence: Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun .
Negative -> Sentence: I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing .
Negative -> Sentence: An awkward and indigestible movie .
Negative -> Sentence: Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
Negative -> Sentence: This is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
Negative -> Sentence: Energetic and boldly provocative .
Negative -> Sentence: ` Dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
Negative -> Sentence: Now it 's just tired .
Positive -> Sentence: A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
Negative -> Sentence: The streets , shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
Negative -> Sentence: Plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
Negative -> Sentence: The reason I found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
Negative -> Sentence: The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
Negative -> Sentence: The problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , Mr. Desplechin is content to state it .
Positive -> Sentence: So lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
Negative -> Sentence: Though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal Woody at best .
Negative -> Sentence: Sorry , Charlie
Positive -> Sentence: Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
Negative -> Sentence: Has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
